>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
As we talk this time
about something celestial.
It was the late
astronomer Carlos Ferrada,
who talked about Planet
X, that was followed up
by the late Zecharia
Sitchin, who wrote the "Earth
Chronicles" series, talking
about this extra planet
in our solar system and
now Marshall Masters.
Marshall has been a guest of
mine on "Coast to Coast AM,"
and he's here now
on "Beyond Belief."
Marshall, welcome
to the program.
>>MARSHALL MASTERS: It's a
pleasure to be here, George.
>>NOORY: I'm so used to
talking to you on the phone.
It's great to see you in person.
>>MASTERS: Yes, it is.
It's dynamic.
>>NOORY: Super.
Tell me a little bit about
Ferrada, the astronomer.
How did he find a
so-called extra planet?
>>MASTERS: Well,
Ferrada actually-- this
is in the Latino community, and
there they call it Hercolubus.
There's a lot of different
names for Planet X. He predicted
a massive earthquake
in Chile and was
on literally within minutes
of the actual event.
This man was just
a brilliant fellow.
He was a great astronomer,
and he did the math.
He was looking at
celestial bodies,
and he just said there is
a dark planet out there.
And he actually said
it had a dark star--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>MASTERS: --and a planet.
>>NOORY: Now he was
basing this on what?
Mechanics?
What?
Celestial mechanics?
Just mathematics?
What was he using?
>>MASTERS: He had an Edgar Cayce
style of doing mathematics.
He could tap in--
>>NOORY: Trance-like.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
And so it was very powerful, and
this man-- his work is spot on.
To me, I watch
the videos of him,
and my heart goes out
to him because when
he's talking about
what's coming,
I see the pain in his face.
I know that pain.
Everyone on my team
sees it, and sometimes
when we were analyzing and
writing about him in our book,
"Being in it for the
Species," we cried.
We just felt his pain.
>>NOORY: Well, you have been
researching this how long now?
>>MASTERS: Well, I started
in '99 with yowusa.com.
My first article
was in January 2001,
and Brian Marsden of the
Smithsonian Astrophysics lab
actually helped me
to write that article
and just been doing
it ever since.
>>NOORY: Are you
absolutely convinced--
absolutely convinced that
there is an extra planet
in our solar system?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: All right, we're
going to get into that.
We're going to talk about it.
Has it come around before?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
We just finished
calculating the orbit.
Everybody talks
about 3,600 years.
>>NOORY: Right,
what have you found?
>>MASTERS: Well, when
Sitchin set that number--
and he was the one who
set the number-- that was
in lunar calendar, all right?
We're in a solar calendar.
So in a solar calendar,
it's actually 3,548 years.
>>NOORY: Pretty close, though.
>>MASTERS: Well here's where
it really gets interesting.
If you look at what the Mayans
were doing with December 21,
2012-- and here I gotta eat
crow, because before that,
when I was right interviewing
with you before and I said,
nah, there's no connection--
>>NOORY: No tie in.
Not going to happen.
You changed your mind, huh?
>>MASTERS: Boy, have I.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>MASTERS: That's exactly what
the Mayans were looking for.
Think about before 2012.
What did we really have?
Speculation.
>>NOORY: Speculation.
>>MASTERS: That was it.
What the Mayans were looking
for was a harbinger alignment.
Not some sort of biblical event.
They were trying to
tell their descendants,
when you see this alignment, the
Planet X system is coming back,
and you're going to enter
into a catastrophic phase.
When we look at
the empirical data
that we have been gathering,
and we do this daily.
My team is a wonderful team.
Couldn't do what I
do without them--
and take December
21, 2012 as a marker,
you go forward of that, and what
you see-- and we were showing
in our recent article on this.
Two data sets-- one is
meteors and the other one is
earthquakes and with both
of them, if this is 2012--
>>NOORY: There's a
correlation here, isn't there?
>>MASTERS: Yes.
Here's 2012, December 21.
Here is your trends and
then right after that--
>>NOORY: Skyrockets.
>>MASTERS: Skyrockets.
And there's a lot
of different trends.
Now, the reason why we're
looking at earthquakes
and meteors is that earthquakes
really are in response
to our sun brightening.
What's happening with
our sun right now?
Ed Dames talks about something--
>>NOORY: The remote viewer?
>>MASTERS: The remote viewer.
And he talks about something
called "the kill shot."
He did a video--
>>NOORY: And he hasn't
backed down on that.
>>MASTERS: Absolutely not.
>>NOORY: He has said
my dates are off,
but he hasn't backed down on it.
>>MASTERS: Well when you're
projecting the future,
it's like looking at it
through a garden hose.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>MASTERS: But he had
a video he did in 2004,
and I had a copy of
that, and I've always
kept it over the years.
I watched it in 2004 and didn't
give another thought to it.
I put it on a couple weeks ago.
Oh my god, George.
If you're talking about painting
in a broad brush, he nailed it.
What he talks about
with his kill shot
is that this planet
is going to come
between Earth and the sun--
the days of darkness prophesied
in the Bible.
>>NOORY: And this is a big
planet, Marshall, isn't it?
>>MASTERS: Very big.
Several times--
>>NOORY: Jupiter sized?
>>MASTERS: No, it's about four
to five times the size of Earth
depending on who's
the estimate is.
Sitchin, I believe,
said four times.
>>NOORY: Well, still
pretty big size.
>>MASTERS: Yeah,
it makes a mark.
>>NOORY: Sitchin
got his information
from investigating
Sumerian cuneiform, right?
>>MASTERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell me about
that a little bit,
for people who aren't
familiar with Sitchin.
>>MASTERS: Well,
Zecharia Sitichin--
The book I would tell
everyone to read first
is "The Lost Book of Enki."
>>NOORY: Which is one of
his later books, right?
>>MASTERS: That's right, but
it's an autobiography of Lord
Enki, who's the guy
that we as a species--
we came from his loins,
and if you read--
>>NOORY: The Annunaki.
>>MASTERS: The Annunaki,
and they were from Nibiru.
That's one of the planets
in the Planet X system.
>>NOORY: Oh, there's
a Planet X system?
>>MASTERS: We call
it a system now.
The system is we
have Nemesis, which
is the companion to our
sun, and it's a brown dwarf.
Now, they used to be called
dark stars or black stars
because they're very
difficult to see.
>>NOORY: So when people say
that our sun is a binary star
system, that's this other star.
>>MASTERS: Nemesis.
>>NOORY: That's just burned.
>>MASTERS: That's
right, and Nemesis
is what it was called
by guys like Carl Sagan.
There was a big-- I remember
when I was in high school
as a kid-- wow,
that's going back.
>>NOORY: Did they have
high schools then?
>>MASTERS: Oh, yeah.
Underneath the olive branch.
>>NOORY: Not log
cabin schools, right?
>>MASTERS: Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
And I remember there
was a wonderful flowing
debate about us being
in a binary system,
and the newspaper
coverage was brilliant.
What happened was in
early '90s, a gentleman
by the name of Robert
Harrington-- he
was an astronomer
for the US Naval
Observatory in Washington.
He was the chief astronomer.
He wrote a brilliant paper
on the location of Planet X.
Not only did he do
that, he backed it
up by having a telescope,
specially constructed, sent
to an observatory owned by
our government in New Zealand,
because at that time, it
was in the southern skies.
>>NOORY: Just to
look for this planet?
>>MASTERS: Yes.
And what happened was
all of the image plates
that came off that telescope
were sent to NASA disappeared.
Never seen again.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
>>MASTERS: And shortly
after that he died a very
mysterious death, and
many of us in the field,
including his wife, feel
that he was assassinated.
And what caused
that, I believe was
that he gave Zecharia Sitchin
an interview on a television
documentary, and he has a
picture of him pointing,
this is the orbit of Planet X.
>>NOORY: And did it echo
what you've been working on
and what Sitchin
had been working on?
>>MASTERS: Harrington--
>>NOORY: So this is
an elliptical orbit?
>>MASTERS: Yes, it's a long
period elliptical orbit.
It's inclined to-- here's the
plane of our solar system,
and it's inclined, and it goes
up and down in 3,600 lunar--
>>NOORY: As opposed to around.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
It doesn't go around like we do.
So it comes up and
down like a comet.
It's a comet like orbit, and
it's very long-- 3,600 lunar
years or 3,548 solar years.
>>NOORY: Still close.
>>MASTERS: Well, close enough
that when you backtrack it
from December 21, 2012, it lands
you right on the exodus, which
was the last flyby.
>>NOORY: OK, so the last
flyby would be what year?
>>MASTERS: That is going back
to-- that's in the article.
Sometimes the numbers--
it's on the site.
Just please check it out.
>>NOORY: When will
this planet come back?
>>MASTERS: It's here.
>>NOORY: It's
already in the area.
>>MASTERS: Oh, yes.
Right now it's in conjunction.
It is behind the sun.
It's coming up.
It came up in the direction
towards the sun's, say,
7:30 position.
Now, when it comes
out from behind,
it'll be around
the 1:30 position.
>>NOORY: Will we be
able to see it then?
>>MASTERS: Yeah and when we see
it, if you're not prepared--
frankly, when we
do see it, people
are going to be standing
out in the street.
They're going to be
pointing up at the sky.
>>NOORY: You'll be able
to see it like that.
>>MASTERS: Oh, yeah.
You're going to see it.
It's a "Melancholia" scenario.
It's just going to keep
getting bigger and bigger
because this thing is going to
come around from behind the sun
and cross over our orbit
above us and ahead of us.
And there's a gentleman, Bob
Dean, the government whistle
blower.
>>NOORY: I know him.
>>MASTERS: He's
one of my heroes.
I just love this guy.
>>NOORY: Good guy.
>>MASTERS: And I think in
2008 on Project Camelot
he made a prediction.
He said, according
to my sources,
we are going to be on the same
side of the sun as the Planet X
system when it goes
into its aphelion leg.
That's when it's
going back south,
and that is what it's
really going to be jamming.
>>NOORY: And jamming
meaning doing things to us?
>>MASTERS: Fast.
To the sun, to us--
first off, let me just
explain the Planet X system.
Nemesis is the dark star,
and it hasn't been visible
for a very long time
to the naked eye
because it's shrouded
in iron oxide dust.
This is from its creation.
>>NOORY: And where would that
be now, that binary star?
>>MASTERS: That binary
star is beyond the orbit
of Jupiter behind our sun.
>>NOORY: And that's
why we can't see it.
>>MASTERS: We can't see it.
Now interestingly enough,
there are three planets
that we talk about in our
book-- there could be more,
but we're only talking
about the major bodies that
are going to present
a problem for Earth
and be involved in
the pole shift event.
Now, these planets are--
the innermost one is Helion.
>>NOORY: Helion.
>>MASTERS: Helion is
gaseous bright planet
that's uninhabited.
>>NOORY: This is
traveling with Nibiru--
>>MASTERS: Nemesis.
>>NOORY: --or whatever
we're going to call it.
>>MASTERS: Well, Nibiru
is the third planet out.
>>NOORY: That's the one
where the Annunaki apparently
came from?
>>MASTERS: That's right.
There's Nemesis, the star,
Helion, Arboda, Nibiru.
Helion has a moon, which
we named Harrington
in the name of this astronomer.
And we have a moon for Nibiru,
which we named Ferrada for--
>>NOORY: They only
have one moon each?
>>MASTERS: That's right--
these two planets.
Arboda does not have a moon.
Arboda is inhabited
by a slave species.
>>NOORY: How do
you know all this?
>>MASTERS: Well,
what we've been doing
is over the years--
I started out
doing this-- total geekazoid.
I was a Spock wannabe.
Live long and prosper.
Logic is tweeting bird.
>>NOORY: The one is not
worth more than the many.
That kind of thing, right?
>>MASTERS: Yeah, that was me.
Well, this work
is transformative.
I was inspired when I learned
that Nobel Laureates said, when
you run out of the
science, you've
got to go somewhere
else for the answers.
And so we really developed
a channeling method
that was science based.
It's team based
channeling, and so--
>>NOORY: Makes sense.
>>MASTERS: --what we
do is I started off
working with the incredibly
talented psychics,
and these are usually
women in their '40s
in very stable marriages with a
husband who is very supportive.
This is paramount.
>>NOORY: You have to have that.
>>MASTERS: Yes, and
then what happens
they either work
with a set of guides,
or they're just simply like
a switchboard operator.
They can pull in
anyone depending
on what the question is,
and so we evolved from that.
"Being in it for the Species"--
the very first book I did
channeling work on was
"2012 Wisdom of the Elohim,"
and the commentary in the
book-- and I'll tell you now.
I've never said this publicly,
but I channeled the commentary
in that book.
The other readings were from
Rebecca Jernigan, a radio host
and a psychic.
Very well known.
And I did that basically as
an exploratory first step.
It's like raise the flag, see
who salutes, see who shoots.
And so that book
was well received.
It gave me confidence to
continue working and refining
my skills.
So my current book, "Being
in it for the Species"
is something where I worked
with a very famous psychic,
and she-- Adrianna is
her name in the book,
and we did the first
section of the book
together with the
technical briefings.
>>NOORY: Is it
important to be working
with a psychic at this point?
>>MASTERS: It's important to
be working-- what Ed Dames will
tell you is that our
intelligence agencies used
both psychics and
remote viewers.
In the United States,
we lean heavier on RV,
but in Russia they lean
heavier on psychics.
With psychics you have to find
the talented ones and the ones
that are ready to do the
work, but boy, you can really
get great information.
>>NOORY: And you mix what they
tell you with real science?
>>MASTERS: Well,
what we actually
do is we're using real science
to drive the conversation.
So for example when I'm
working with Adrianna,
I had my lead researcher,
who's my science guy,
and we're doing just a Skype
conversation, the three way,
but he's muted.
And so what happens
is he's continually
feeding me questions
through instant message.
I'm the one having the
dialogue, and then that way we
can set up cross
references, come back,
ask the same question
two or three times.
We always get
consistent results,
and when we were doing
the book actually,
we were jumping back
and forth in content
where you're finding
something-- hold on a second.
Hold on a second.
What's wrong with this picture?
>>MASTERS: Let's go back,
and we would go back.
And we did so much of that
jumping back and forth we
totally lost track
of everything.
We were just gathering,
gathering, gathering,
and we didn't know what we had.
>>NOORY: Marshall,
of the three planets
in the system that you claim
are coming around in here,
are they all inhabited?
We know Nibiru was
inhabited by the Annunaki.
>>MASTERS: Two.
>>NOORY: The other one you were
saying was like a slave labor?
>>MASTERS: Arboda is a smaller--
>>NOORY: Arboda.
>>MASTERS: It's the
smallest inhabited planet,
and it's a slave
species, and the Annunaki
have enslaved them.
>>NOORY: And the
other planet no?
>>MASTERS: Helion
is uninhabitable.
>>NOORY: The Annunaki
still there on Nibiru?
>>MASTERS: Very much so.
>>NOORY: Will we see more UFO
activity when they get close?
>>MASTERS: Oh yeah.
>>NOORY: Or are
we doing that now?
>>MASTERS: No,
when they show up,
it's going to be like
"Independence Day,"--
city ships hovering
over capitals.
>>NOORY: The last
time they were here,
3,600 years ago approximately,
what happened Earth-wise?
Calamity-wise?
>>MASTERS: Well, the last time
the orbit when they were here
that was exodus, the
10 plagues of Exodus.
And the Egyptians-- and
we know this from the book
The Kolbrin Bible--
the Egyptians
talk about that
last flyby, and I'm
talking about-- it's like man
on the street interview quality
stuff.
It's not airy fairy, you've
got to sort through it.
What they tell us
about it is that it
was such a fearful event,
men would become impotent,
and women would
become infertile.
Now consider the age
of people at that time.
What you're really
talking about is
something that would scare
the sex out of a teenager.
I'm not saying
that to be jovial.
Think about it.
>>NOORY: And this
will happen again.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Imminently?
>>MASTERS: Yes, within
the next few years.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about the pole shift,
and tell me what you
think Planet X will
do when that shift happens.
>>MASTERS: What's going to
happen with the pole shift is
it's-- you have the Planet
X system coming over on top
of us, and we're going to
have Nemesis out beyond us.
What we're going to see is
that Nibiru in its orbit
is going to pass between
Earth and the sun.
This causes the
days of darkness.
>>NOORY: How long?
>>MASTERS: At least three days.
>>NOORY: Three days
of total darkness.
>>MASTERS: Total.
It will be pitch black because--
>>NOORY: For the entire planet.
>>MASTERS: We're not
going to see the sun.
It is just going to
be frighteningly dark.
>>NOORY: So what will
happen to temperatures
if you can't see the sun, if
the sun's rays are blocked?
>>MASTERS: Well, what
we're going to have--
>>NOORY: Are we going to plummet
into an ice age for three days?
>>MASTERS: No, we're not,--
I think the big concern
we're going to have-- and I
think I agree with Ed on his
kill shot theory is that we are
going to get smashed with solar
storms.
This thing is--
first off it's not
like when we see an
eclipse of the moon.
>>NOORY: And when
you say solar storms,
we're talking about x-flares
and things like that?
>>MASTERS: Even worse.
Solar sprites.
>>NOORY: Solar sprites
can burn the planet.
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
And so it's going
to-- we're going
to have-- if you look
at the movie "Knowing"
with Nicolas Cage, now that
is a very worst case scenario.
I don't think we're going
to have it that bad.
>>NOORY: The planet was cooked.
>>MASTERS: The planet's cooked.
>>NOORY: Came back later
thousands of years later,
but it was cooked.
>>MASTERS: It was cooked.
>>NOORY: Look at that,
like what we're looking at.
>>MASTERS: I know.
You look at that--
>>NOORY: Everything is gone.
>>MASTERS: Everything's
gone, and actually,
when you look at
"Knowing," that in my mind
is going to be the next
flyby of the Planet X system.
>>NOORY: Has that
happened before?
>>MASTERS: Not that.
What's happened
before-- the deluge
was caused by one on
the previous flybys.
It was the third one back, and--
>>NOORY: It's a planet killer.
>>MASTERS: Yeah,
it's a planet killer.
We've got to get
off this planet.
Now, think about
what astronomers
are doing right now.
What's the holy grail?
Remember it was big bang theory?
>>NOORY: And now they've
backtracked on that.
>>MASTERS: Yeah,
they've waffled away.
They've moonwalked
backwards from it.
The big thing right now is the
search for extra solar Earth,
a new home, and
my feeling is what
they're reporting to us
is a fraction of what
they're collecting in data.
And they understand
right now before the--
because when the flyby
happens, and this thing
crosses through our
system, that's it.
We're going to lose all
our satellites, everything.
It's just going to hose it all.
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah
everything will be fried.
>>MASTERS: So what
they're doing is they're
downloading information.
Now, I worked on a project
with Lockheed Martin
on a KH-1 spy satellite that
was adapted for civilian use.
>>NOORY: Did they
talk about this?
>>MASTERS: They didn't
talk about that,
but I've mentioned the point
because these satellites can
download so much information.
It can take months, if not
years, for supercomputers
to chew through all of the data.
So I think what
they're doing right now
is that they've got a fleet
of spacecraft out there.
They are absolutely combing
the waterfront looking
for potential new
Earths, and then
what they're going to be
doing during the flyby--
because they're going to be
in deep underground bases
is they're going to be
processing that data
and then selecting candidates
for launching probes.
And once things settle
down, then we go to space.
Now, I want to say one thing.
People go, is it
the end of life?
Are we going to disappear?
No, it's not the
end of humanity.
>>NOORY: This time around.
>>MASTERS: This time around.
Next time around it's "Knowing."
Period.
>>NOORY: That's
3,600 years from now.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
The planet's going to be hosed.
That's what's
really pushing them.
The elites understand we
got to get out of dodge.
We've got to go find
someplace else to live.
>>NOORY: Why aren't they
telling us about it, Marshall?
>>MASTERS: Control issues.
It's always about control.
>>NOORY: Would we panic?
What would they say?
Pretend you're at
the United Nations
and you're giving the speech to
the world, what would you say?
>>MASTERS: I would say--
>>NOORY: No sugar coating it.
Just lay it right
out there for us.
>>MASTERS: I'd say
that we're going
to see something-- well the
Georgia Guidestones tells us
that to keep the population
under half a billion
in harmony with nature--
doesn't say how we get there.
How we get there
is what's coming.
So you are looking
at a situation
where one in seven on the
surface are going to survive.
This is really going
to be catastrophic.
The initial events
are going to be
brutal all along the coastlines,
and so that's the reason
why I've lived in Santa Cruz.
I moved to Nevada.
>>NOORY: I was just up
there a few weeks ago.
Love it out there.
>>MASTERS: Oh, it's a gorgeous.
Gorgeous.
But on the other hand, there's
that movie, "San Andreas,"
that's coming out, and they
show this massive tsunami
slamming into the coast.
That's really going to happen.
>>NOORY: This is
all tied together.
>>MASTERS: All tied
together, and so we're
going to have a
tremendous loss of life.
They're not going to want to
have people panic, but also
to be honest, the fewer people
who survive, the better.
The reason why is--
>>NOORY: Is this a
cleansing of the planet?
I hate to use that,
but is that what it is?
>>MASTERS: Well,
in a sense it is,
but I prefer the
word "unshackling."
Humanity is a slave species.
Less than 1% of the
world owns half of it.
>>NOORY: True.
>>MASTERS: This is going
to break the shackles.
Those who do survive this--
life is going to be brutal,
but they're going to be free.
Now for the elites,
the big thing
is what happens after the
flyby and things start
to settle down.
They are, A, it's a
given, we survive.
B, it's a given, we rebuild.
C, it's a given,
we go to the stars.
How we go to the stars
is the determining thing.
It's the reason why there's
so many other races that
are so interested in
what's happening with us.
We're either going to go to
the stars like Annunaki storm
troopers, and we're going
to-- the movie "Avatar,"
excellent example of
that, or we're going
to have a Star Trek future.
Gene Roddenberry got
it right on the money.
>>NOORY: How did
he know this stuff?
>>MASTERS: Well, according
to Phylis Schlemmer.
And a famous psychic he
was in a study with, and--
>>NOORY: He must have been
a remote viewer himself.
>>MASTERS: He was tapped
into the Akashic record,
and that's where he was
getting all the stories.
Although when she
told him at first,
he was really annoyed
because it's Hollywood.
You want to be original.
It's like, I don't want to
plagiarize the book of life,
but then again she said once
he figured, wow, this is cool.
I got a cornucopia here.
It's the gift that keeps
on giving, and it did.
While he was alive,
he just was so spot
on in the vision that
he gave of the future,
and that's the reason
why people love it,
gravitated to the franchise.
And so that's really what other
races are looking at-- is are
we going to go as a peaceful
spacefaring race welcome
to wherever we go--
>>NOORY: Or?
>>MASTERS: You don't
want to show up.
>>NOORY: When the
flyby occurs, how long
will it take before it kind
of dissipates and leaves?
>>MASTERS: The bulk
of the really bad time
is a period approximately
three years give or take.
>>NOORY: From now?
>>MASTERS: Actually
the beginning
of the tribulation that
we have in the book
is called the Winter
of Ash, and that
looks to be on target for
fourth quarter of this year.
>>NOORY: So from 2015, three
years, you think, to -18, -19.
>>MASTERS: Then
there's going to be
a period of approximately
another seven years,
and this is going
to be the settling.
>>NOORY: And at any point
will we know from government
that this is happening, or
will it be obvious to the--
as you said, you might
be able to see something?
>>MASTERS: I don't think
governments are going
to tell us anything about it.
They've done a very good job
of lying about it up to now.
>>NOORY: But will some amateur
astronomer say-- and call
my show, "Coast to Coast,"
George, it's there.
I see it.
Here's a picture.
>>MASTERS: When it comes
out from behind the sun,
every caller is going
to be talking about it.
>>NOORY: We'll all
know it's there.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Then how can
government deny that it's there?
>>MASTERS: Well,
they won't deny it.
What they're probably going
to say is don't worry.
It'll just fly by, and
it'll be a speed bump.
>>NOORY: Wild things are
happening to the planet.
They'll be denying it.
>>MASTERS: They're going
to be denying it, and look,
people cling to the
bliss of their ignorance
like jealous lovers.
So they want to be lied to.
Please don't tell me it's so.
>>NOORY: Nobody wants
to know it's the end.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
>>NOORY: I had a guy call me on
one of my open lines and said,
can I tell you a sad
story, and I went, no.
Nobody wants to hear this.
>>MASTERS: I don't
blame them, but what
I can tell you is awareness--
and you come into awareness
about this, and it's about as
engaging a process as somebody
slapping you upside the
face with a dead salmon.
>>NOORY: How do we prepare
for this individually?
Can we?
>>MASTERS: Individually,
this is really
about-- there's
two paths you can
take with the prepping-- what I
call conventional or community.
I see the conventional
preppers out there.
It's fear-based, heavy
emphasis on contraptions
and confrontation.
They're not going to do well.
Then there's community based.
This is love based
paradigm, and it's really
where the emphasis is not
about holding on to things.
It's about holding
onto each other,
and so the focus there is
on comfort and continuation
as a community, pulling
through, service
to others, a love-based model.
That is what I'm working on
in formation of communities
that I'm working on in
my projects right now.
And this to me is
the best way to go.
If you are balanced about this,
you have mind, body, spirit.
You're emotionally ready for it.
The awareness process
is not about, oh my god,
we're going to die.
Let's get guns.
It's actually what I
call the "long goodbye."
It's a period of mourning, and
you mourn the end of things
as they are, but then
you can embrace the fact
that there is going to
be an opportunity for us
as a species to
break the shackles.
>>NOORY: If people want
to watch, and figure out
what you're doing, and tracking
you, how do they find you?
>>MASTERS: yowusa.com
or marshallmasters.com.
And if you want to see what
I'm doing with my communities,
I have what I call the Survival
Wellness Advocacy Guild,
and then also started
a new project called
Knowledge Mountain.
And this is something
for the Guild,
and what we want to do is--
once the tribulation is going,
we want to start doing basically
cataclysm radio, if you will.
>>NOORY: That's
the way to do it.
Marshall, thanks for
being on this program.
>>MASTERS: Thanks.
>>NOORY: Planet X...
Very soon.
But we'll be ready,
because we'll
continue to give you the
information right here
on "Beyond Belief."
Thanks for watching.